Bella do you know that almost any linux
distribution kit you can download his site
absolutely free
yes someday they wo n't have to
to make
all zdarov oddly enough for that
to meet new today
we have no version of windows 8.1
need to look there for something on
torrents ask friends to ask
look for keys to crack no we can
just write in google and windows 8.1 and
we go to the site microsoft.com where
we are offered to download windows 81
that is, we can download the iso file
write it here we have a few
multilingual editions for
different versions of computers and right there we
see the product key I do not know what
time all this will be possible
use but it seems to me
more marketing move with it
started even before it started
selling windows 8 ie marketers
initially it was possible to guess
what
shove in one windows edition
Immediately and subway and classic here this
kind of it sucks because on
horseradish on the master's desktop after all on the simple
normal work computer use
from going huge tiles
here these are huge icons here this
gesture and some
as uncomfortable as on the tablet
use classic desktop with
small icons that is
use of two simultaneously editors
in one it's a complete bullshit
it used to be quite logical and separation
on windows nt and windows mobile windows and
for desktops that is expressive
now they stuffed it all different
interfaces in one and it is very very
very depressing besides I want
note that in general, windows 8
the interface is pretty interesting and
ugly compared to the same windows
seven that is, that's what it's these
pretty ascetic little colored
edging icons controls all
it is somehow out of balance
coming to what we used to see I
in principle, every day is compared to
windows ce it on
because at home now I have
windows 8
at work I have to install windows
seven eleven is much more interesting
looks even if not to mention that
that it is much more convenient on the desktop
I want to say that I tried skype in this
your windows store is something old there and
skype let's say complete bullshit and gum
there is a good one
birds angry birds space but when it comes
to a certain level we are not given
play on and write a buoy with flags even
here we were not allowed to have fun
even worse is what opens for example
pictures like this
for a long time there is loaded here in this
pictures are opened and we need everything
just set the view through
photo viewer windows and then
we can more or less classic it
see everything with me that is not yet
enjoyed it in this transition in the floor
meters ska and condition that places
it 's still windows seven and in some places
something like a subway that is right here
we see these badges like these
left with a glare like this
so now they are at the same time
choosing somewhere here we see that we have
framing is more
monochrome or something a lot of hype
rose from the fact that there seems to be windows
81 should be added start button well
she also added nothing good
she is not foreshadowed because she
performs exactly the same function as
see if I moved the panel to the top then
me now with as many as two start buttons and
when pressed even if I make it from below
then when you click on this start button in my
floats as well as this meter a little bit
changed this creepy panel which
It was not convenient before now it is all so
it is not convenient but it was changed to
something
go we have a control panel
and here we can customize the taskbar and
navigation and returned what I had
and in the navigation tab I do not know whether
it's in windows 8
just 8 but here there are such here
various jackdaws with the help of which we
can do something like a remote
on our good old start and on
our old classic desktop
that is, we can deliver at the entrance
open the desktop and we immediately
the worker will open instead of the meter
the table is more or less classic besides
here it can be removed so that it does not interfere
these are terrible applications besides
you can do something like this
and on going and or even like this
transition to this our start will be
The application is shown here
This is the kind that I did not like
even in this subway then what even if he
trying to look like android then in
android at least you can
grab the mouse at any place and carry
here it is not entirely intuitive
turn the wheel to pro
scroll these our applications done well
not mind at all, and besides you can
remove this daw here which shows
mouse buttons when you hover the mouse right
the top corner is how we call the buttons
swinging on mouse over
top right corner of the common button
system management
function buttons let's call them
just wonder buttons really if
talk about windows 8 in general, then she
developing in terms of stability and in
system health plan
since i have been sitting for three weeks
absolutely without antivirus, I do not put
viruses specifically as they do
Some go on porn sites put
imagine a virus and no, I basically pretty
I 'm trying to go to different sites
but no system crashes and requirements
send off with me still not
there was a firewall and defenders
various which are windows 8 they
work very, very well and
only
fun toy and whatever you want
to praise
windows 8 is what you can do in the store
play here
we